You piece of shit.
You piece of trash.
Lick your fucking God!
Kiss your God's hand
That's it, you piece of shit
Kiss the one you worship
You piece of trash!
You piece of shit!
Lick my foot, lick it!
Filthy
Fucking filthy
little white faggot
you piece of trash!
Lick the sole of my foot! Lick it.
Lick it!
Lick the sole of my foot!
That's it! Fucking filthy.
That's it.
Did you put on your little outfit today? For your black king?
Did you?.... Why?
Yes.
Obedient...superior black king
deserves all obedience.
I'm here to dedicate my life.
SPITS
Lick
Lick!
Come on, you piece of shit.
Lick that fucking thing.
I can't see where it is
Here, oh
Here
Lick
lick
lick that shit
trash
filthy
Look here!
Look here. You're a piece of shit!